Congratulations.
You have just finished the first lesson of this course.
In this lesson, we first learned about the stages and steps in
the cycles of iterative design from the classic design,
implement, evaluate to the design thinking cycle of empathize,
define, ideate, prototype, test, and implement.
Then we covered the many business stakeholders
a data product manager needs to work with to find success in their role.
In the third part of this lesson,
we learned about the history of iterative design,
especially its roots in software development and spiral design.
In the last part of this lesson,
we discussed the final project for the course and how it will
ask you to use the skills taught throughout this course to act
as a data product manager in evaluating the performance of a live app and
analyzing its data to determine the best next step in a cycle of iterative design.
Congratulations on completing Lesson 1.
In the next lesson, we'll discuss how to choose and
measure key performance indicators for a live product.